Modified instructions for the modified submission form. (#759)
Princeton-LSI-ResearchComputing/tracebase: TraceBaseDocs/TraceBaseDocs/Upload/How to Upload.md

[Copy](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1To3495KxJkAtnAD9KVdzc162zKbNiYuPEVyPseQPjMQ/copy?copyComments=true)
the TraceBase Animal and Sample Table Template.
   1. Fill in the `Animals` sheet. Give each mouse in your study a unique ID.
   2. Fill in the `Samples` sheet.
      - Ensure that each `Sample Name` uniquely represents a true biological
        sample. If a sample name does not match the sample headers in your
        AccuCor/Isocorr files (e.g. a sample tube was injected multiple times),
        you must add those non-matching samples to an
        [LCMS-metadata file](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rfKOGqms8LPeqORO5gyTXLXDU2lvz-CG2aCEwmu8xHw/copy)
      - If you have a Tissue that is not included in the existing list, please

>         label it as you would like to in the `Tissues` sheet and tell the
>         developer you have a new Tissue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        label it as you would like to in the `Tissues` sheet and inidcate
        that you are submitting a new Tissue Type in the "Special Instructions"
        section of the form.
```

   form](https://forms.gle/vEfJEfhPbCbkybpE7).  Complete the following:
   1. Study Name
   2. Link to Google Drive folder with study submission.
   3. Mass Spectrometry Details (see [[How to label Mass Spec Run

>       Information]])

Author: C. Removed the google docs link and added a new markdown file to paste its contents in.  I have not made any changes to the documentation website.

Author: I assume that this internal "link" will work.  Since I have not deployed this to the docs website, I don't know how to test that it works.
